I'll ask. I liked God's hooks. Oh, thanks. It's a nebula. How does it stack up?
You said you wanted each the scene's story to be better. Is it better, do you
think? I think I'm more satisfied with it than I am with a lot of stories. It's
about exactly like I wanted it when I started it. It's got two interesting
historical characters in it to get. What amazed me is when I started doing the
story, is that nobody had thought of it before. I mean, because Walton and
Bunyan were exact contemporaries, although Bunyan was 30 years younger. I mean,
they died within four years of each other. You know, Walton was born in 1593 and
died in 1683, and Bunyan was born in the 20s sometime and died in 88 you know
and it's amazing that nobody had stuck those together and because they did any
anytime you look at a survey of English literature the two books that are
unclassifiable the only two unclassifiable books in every court were like
biographies and there were like histories and there were beginnings of novels
and there were poetry and plays and all that but the only two unclassifiable
books they talk about are are is pilgrim's progress and the complete angler you
know those are two totally totally you know classical books and they're not like
any other books written that century or before or since you know and uh it's
like uh they're just uh you know it amazed me that nobody nobody had put the two
together and the obvious way to put the two together was you know i'm sitting
there one day and i said i was doing research on walton and bungee and all this
and i said walton fishes in the slough of despond you know it's obvious you know
right you know it's just it's just totally obvious you know and it amazed me
that nobody had done it before especially a british writer you know especially a
british writer uh there were lots of people who were capable of doing that. And
nobody had done it. And it was amazing. Great. Okay. I guess that ought to do
it. Oh, great. Thank you very much. Sure. Sure appreciate it.